Add note about aggregation wait interval (#353)
graphite-ng/carbon-relay-ng: docs/aggregation.md

* The wait parameter allows up to the specified amount of seconds to wait for values:

> With a wait of 120, metrics can come 2 minutes after the start of the interval and still be included in the aggregation results.  A general rule of thumb is that the wait value should be set to the interval plus a few seconds to allow time for points to come in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a wait of 120, metrics can come 2 minutes after the start of the interval and still be included in the aggregation results.  The wait value should be set to the interval plus whatever the data delay is (time difference between timestamps of the data and the wall clock). For most environments the data delay is no more than a few seconds.
```
